So continuing on from the last video, let's now look at the next interfaces, consumer and supplier
consumer is like function and by consumer like by function, except that the consumer method is named,
except it has no return type it as shown below.
They can see the example they for consumer type T.
We've got an exact method that takes an argument of type T, which is marked as void.
And then by consumers, similar by consumer, this time it takes two arguments to give you two arguments,
you void return to go back to market character, we need to create a new class consumer example built
in interfaces projects.
Go ahead and do that.
OK, so there's a code.
So what I'm doing here is I'm creating two local variables, both consumer interfaces and then assigning
lambda expressions to them.
Now, the first labor expression prints the string to the console that that intelligence might give
you warnings and you can replace system thought out to peatlands if you get that with a method refits
system, not outcall and column precleared.
Instead, I'll be talking about method references in a later video of this course.
Now, the second lambda expression takes a list of string and then uses that for each method which takes
a consumer interface type.
So I pass the local variable reference.
See to that.
Remember, you can use local variables in your lambda expressions as long as they're fardell or effectively
onal.
So running this code now.
All right, now, let's say I want to perform at the airport a bit more, I'm going to use the bike
and she would be the first to do this.
So let's get some more code in to this main method.
Except imports.
So this lambda expression looks a lot like the lamp expression for the consumer c.B previously created
with a minor but important difference.
So in this case, the consumer passed to the far reaches of perimeter of the by consumer interface and
passing the lambda expression as an argument to the accept method.
So really, the card.
So both consumer and consumer heaven and then method, which is similar to the and then method on functional
and function but not a consumer, does not have a composed method.
So let's close down the output window there and personal it.
So there's a code starting on 41 and you can say that we're using the added method along forty seven
on the card.
So we at the airport in the bottom of the screen there, the codes produced a system to that statement,
but no output from the and then method.
There is a reason for that.
You cannot execute the dead method that chaining it to an exit method.
So let's add some code.
Run this.
And you can see this time we've actually got the Apple one, 10, 12, three, four.
There were done is back up here along 47, but could have topped by equals.
They get the result of calling and then.
So this there confirms that the lambda expressions passed to the added method were invoked after the
accept method, if you see the use of the Antheil method invoked separately from the functional method
of the interface, and it's not assigned to the same interface variable that will be executed, the
expression passed to the end then method will not get invoked.
If it is assigned, it will get invoked after the functional method in this case, except after that
gets invoked, they can invoke the added method chained to the accept method.
What I'll do is I'll show you another example of that.
It's placed in some malko.
So I can say that I'm invoking and then the Chinese accept remembering the and method on its own does
nothing, but when you're changing it to the accepted.
They can see the output at the bottom of the screen.
But last but not least, let's look at the supplier interface now, the Oracle documentation states
that this interface represents a supplier of results.
The interface is defined as follows.
Say they're in a public interface supplier type to T there.
We've got to get that returns an object of type T, so we need to create a new class here.
We're going to call one supplier example.
Postcard in.
But I'm looking at this code, Bursley consists of a method, you say that we're creating a local variable
s, which is a string, either accepting a string from the command or using a default value by creating
a supplier, local variable with a lambda expression that uses the string above and a profit method
that splits the string into words, the value returned and the number of words is then printed.
Let's run this.
That's a number of words, Entry-Exit.
We can quickly go in and edit our configuration, let's try some arguments.
It's time we've got a number of words, Intellectual's 15, which corresponds to what I entered as program
arguments up here.
Fifteen, by my count.
All right, so it is clear that.
All right, so in the last four videos, I've covered the generic forms of the interfaces listed in
the table below with their relevant methods.
Now all of the interface support a one and two argument version, with the exception of supplier, which
actually doesn't have any arguments.
But in looking at these interfaces, we've got function and function.
Both have a method called apply of return.
On top of our function as a perimeter of type T function has two parameters.
Type T and top you.
The default methods are composed, which is a function only and the second default method.
And then for both if go we've got unary operator and binary operator.
The abstract method is apply for both, but type top is t one method, parameter type T or unary operator
and two parameters of type T for binary operator.
The default method is composed for unary operator only and the second default method is and then for
both static methods, both for binary operator Max by and Minbar.
Next, you've got predicate and by predicate, the abstract method is test both return type boolean
predicate has one parameter of type T by predicate has two first ones, type T and second is Tapu.
The default method for both R and NEGATE and all the static methods.
We've got Newgate on Predicate and also not on Predicate.
The consumer and the consumer interfaces, the abstract methods are both called accept, both return
nothing to avoid and the method parameters for consumer.
If a consumer accepts two parameters, type T and top you default methods.
And then in the last interface supplier, the functional device abstract method is called get return
type of T or so.
Moving on to the next video, I'm going to be looking at the built in interfaces that are not generic,
which support primitive data types see in the next video.